Network Service -
DHCP(Dynamic Host Configuration Protocol) - Automatically assigns IP addresses to devices on a network, so they can communicate with each other without manual configuration.
DNS -  A protocol that's used when a computer needs to find out the IP address behind the domain name.
AAA(Authentication[Verifies who you are]),(Authorization[Determines what you're allowed to do]),(Accounting[Tracks what you do])
VLAN - Divides a physical network into separate, isolated networks.
SMTP(Simple Mail Transfer Protocol) - A protocol used to send emails.
POP3(Post Office Protocol[Version 3]) -  A protocol used to receive emails.



If you were to type a website address that has HTTP, it would mostly redirect to the more secure version of the website with HTTPS.
In HTTPS, the client has a better chance of communicating with the server.

How DNS works:
		1. You type a website address into your browser.
		2. Your device asks a DNS server to find the IP address linked to that website address.
		3. The DNS server looks it up. If it doesn’t know, it asks other DNS servers until it finds the IP address.
		4. When the IP is found, the DNS server sends the IP address back to your device.
		5. Your device uses that IP to connect to the website.
		6. The server also remembers the IP address so you don't have to go through the process again.
The idea is DNS translates names into numbers so computers can talk to each other.

(Recipient - someone who receives something)
How SMTP works:
		1. You send an email using an email application
		2. The app connects to an SMTP server
		3. The SMTP server checks who you're sending the email to and finds where to deliver it.
		4. It passes the email to them recipient’s email server using the internet.
		5. The recipient’s server stores the email, and waits for them to check it.


How POP3 works:
		1. You open an email app and click “check mail.”
		2. The app connects to the POP3 server, where your emails are stored.
		3. The POP3 server pulls the emails from it and sends it to your device, usually removing the from the server afterward.